README.md, before:

<br />
<p align="center">

  <h1 align="center">The Shoppies</h1>

  <p align="center">
      <a href="https://quirky-wing-2ac7f0.netlify.app" target="_blank">View Demo</a>

  </p>
</p>

## About The Project

![Screenshot of App](https://github.com/JKaram/The-Shoppies/blob/master/assets/theShoppies_v1.PNG?raw=true)

My submission for the UX Developer Intern & Web Developer Intern Challenge - Winter 2021 <br />

Completely styled without using a CSS framework.

### Most Proud of ...

- Live search using lodash debounce to limit API calls
- Transitions. The Shoppies is my first time using React transition group. I need more practice.

### If I had more time ...

- Media queries to make it mobile-friendly.
- Smoother transitions.
- How to use section.

### Built With

- [React](https://reactjs.org/)
- [styled components](https://styled-components.com/)
- [OMDb API](http://www.omdbapi.com/)

### Dependencies

    "@fortawesome/fontawesome-svg-core": "^1.2.30",
    "@fortawesome/free-solid-svg-icons": "^5.14.0",
    "@fortawesome/react-fontawesome": "^0.1.11",
    "@testing-library/jest-dom": "^4.2.4",
    "@testing-library/react": "^9.5.0",
    "@testing-library/user-event": "^7.2.1",
    "polished": "^3.6.6",
    "react": "^16.13.1",
    "react-dom": "^16.13.1",
    "react-scripts": "3.4.3",
    "react-transition-group": "^4.4.1",
    "styled-components": "^5.2.0",
    "styled-components-modifiers": "^1.2.5"

### Installation

1. Get a free API Key at [http://www.omdbapi.com/](http://www.omdbapi.com/)
2. Clone the repo

```sh
git clone git@github.com:JKaram/The-Shoppies.git
```

3. Install NPM packages

```sh
npm install
```

4. Create a `.env`

```
REACT_APP_OMDB_API_KEY="OMDB API KEY"
REACT_APP_OMDB_API_URL=https://www.omdbapi.com/
```

Commit message:

add more to 'most proud of' section

README.md, after:

<br />
<p align="center">

  <h1 align="center">The Shoppies</h1>

  <p align="center">
      <a href="https://quirky-wing-2ac7f0.netlify.app" target="_blank">View Demo</a>

  </p>
</p>

## About The Project

![Screenshot of App](https://github.com/JKaram/The-Shoppies/blob/master/assets/theShoppies_v1.PNG?raw=true)

My submission for the UX Developer Intern & Web Developer Intern Challenge - Winter 2021 <br />

### Most Proud of ...

- Completely styled without using a CSS framework.
- Live search using lodash debounce to limit API calls
- Transitions. The Shoppies is my first time using React transition group.
- Nomination lists save on refresh using local storage.
- Seperate API call to load additional information about a movie.
- Rotten Tomato score icon is based on the score of the movie.

### If I had more time ...

- Media queries to make it mobile-friendly.
- Smoother transitions.
- More direction on how to use the app.
- Less plain aesthetic.

### Built With

- [React](https://reactjs.org/)
- [styled components](https://styled-components.com/)
- [OMDb API](http://www.omdbapi.com/)

### Dependencies

    "@fortawesome/fontawesome-svg-core": "^1.2.30",
    "@fortawesome/free-solid-svg-icons": "^5.14.0",
    "@fortawesome/react-fontawesome": "^0.1.11",
    "@testing-library/jest-dom": "^4.2.4",
    "@testing-library/react": "^9.5.0",
    "@testing-library/user-event": "^7.2.1",
    "polished": "^3.6.6",
    "react": "^16.13.1",
    "react-dom": "^16.13.1",
    "react-scripts": "3.4.3",
    "react-transition-group": "^4.4.1",
    "styled-components": "^5.2.0",
    "styled-components-modifiers": "^1.2.5"

### Installation

1. Get a free API Key at [http://www.omdbapi.com/](http://www.omdbapi.com/)
2. Clone the repo

```sh
git clone git@github.com:JKaram/The-Shoppies.git
```

3. Install NPM packages

```sh
npm install
```

4. Create a `.env`

```
REACT_APP_OMDB_API_KEY="OMDB API KEY"
REACT_APP_OMDB_API_URL=https://www.omdbapi.com/
```
